Rewrite JS3 week 1 prep (#351)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/js3/blocks/data-ui/index.md

+++
title = '💾 ➡️ 💻 Data to UI '
headless = true
time = 30
facilitation = false
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]
    1='Explain how data is rendered into a user interface'
+++

> When we're building user interfaces we're often taking data and {{<tooltip title="rendering">}}**rendering** is the process of building a visual representation or interface from some code{{</tooltip>}} it in the user interface. We're going to start with some data and explore how this data structure is rendered on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User interfaces render data. {{<tooltip title="rendering">}}**rendering** is the process of building a visual representation or interface from some code{{</tooltip>}} We're going to start with some data and explore how this data structure is rendered on the page.
```

### ℹ️ Show listings

Suppose you're building a user interface to display information about local shows in a city.

> Let's consider the following problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> _Given_ a list of shows data
> _When_ the page first loads
> _Then_ it should display the list of events, including the data of the name, date and location of the event

> A typical event can be modelled as a JavaScript object with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A show can be modelled as a JavaScript object with the following properties:
```

An event can be mistaken for an event in a program.

```js
// js object with event data
{
  name: "Little Simz",
  date: "5th November",
  location: "02 Victoria Warehouse",
  city: "Manchester"
}
```

> So our list of event data can be modelled as an array of objects, each with a similar shape:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So our list of show data can be modelled as an array of objects, each with a similar shape:
```

If we're saying show, let's always say it wrt the data.

```js

> const events = [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const shows = [
```
